Fix components description docs (#143)
vtex-apps/product-summary: react/components/ProductSummaryImage/README.md

## Description

> `ProductSummaryImage` is a VTEX Component that render the product image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ProductSummaryImage` is a VTEX Component that renders the product's image.
```
